- DEEP REINFORCEMENT LEARNING: AN OVERVIEW [root]
  - REFERENCES [skeleton]
    - In NIPS 2017 Deep Reinforce… [info]
    - Deep Learning in Natural La… [info]
    - Deep Neuroevolution [info]
    - In NIPS 2016 Deep Reinforce… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - A RL agent interacts with a… [info]
    - At each time step $t$ , the… [info]
    - In an episodic $\begin{arra… [info]
    - multi-arm bandit various ex… [info]
    - A value function is a predi… [info]
    - An optimal state value $v _… [info]
    - The action value $q _ { \pi… [info]
    - An optimal action value fun… [info]
    - The weight vector is a long… [info]
    - Input: a differentiable val… [info]
    - Bellman operator is defined… [info]
    - Bellman error is the expect… [info]
    - Emphatic-TD (Sutton et al [info]
    - \pmb \theta ) ( R _ { t } -… [info]
    - <table><tr><td rowspan="2"… [info]
    - tion $A ( a _ { t } , s _ {… [info]
    - Policy iteration alternates… [info]
    - We explain some terms in RL… [info]
    - In off-policy methods, an a… [info]
    - In model-free methods, the… [info]
    - A RL agent executes a seque… [info]
    - Mnih et al [info]
    - Following $\epsilon$ -greed… [info]
    - Set yj = $y _ { j } = \left… [info]
    - DQN made several important… [info]
    - van Hasselt et al [info]
    - a) proposed to evaluat… [info]
    - In DQN, experience transiti… [info]
    - Wang et al [info]
    - \boldsymbol {\theta}, \alph… [info]
    - Bellemare et al [info]
    - Hessel et al [info]
    - DQN has been receiving much… [info]
    - REINFORCE (Williams, 1992;… [info]
    - Schulman et al [info]
    - in the vine approach, a rol… [info]
    - Duan et al [info]
    - The author established pseu… [info]
    - Although these experiments… [info]
    - Xu et al [info]
    - Goodfellow et al [info]
    - Neural networks architectur… [info]
    - See previous work on lists… [info]
    - Games provide excellent tes… [info]
    - Variants of card games, inc… [info]
    - The weights are trained by… [info]
    - invariance of game rules un… [info]
    - // each edge $( s , a )$ in… [info]
    - expand and evaluate: the le… [info]
    - // self-play with search ca… [info]
    - score the game to give a fi… [info]
    - sample data $( s , \pi , z… [info]
    - $l$ sums over the mean-squa… [info]
    - Algorithm 9: AlphaGo Zero t… [info]
    - AlphaGo Zero utilized 64 GP… [info]
    - AlphaGo Zero blog mentioned… [info]
    - Imperfect information games… [info]
    - In Limit Texas Hold’em, a r… [info]
    - Recently, significant progr… [info]
    - Good performance was achiev… [info]
    - The proposed agent learn to… [info]
    - Some techniques are deploye… [info]
    - Todo: AlexNet (Krizhevsky e… [info]
    - RL can improve efficiency f… [info]
    - Caicedo and Lazebnik (2015)… [info]
    - Wu et al [info]
    - Visual control is about der… [info]
    - Mandel et al [info]
    - designed a benchmark… [info]
    - Abadi, M [info]
    - Albrechta, S [info]
    - B [info]
    - Averaged-DQN: Variance redu… [info]
    - In Annual Meeting of the In… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - Bailis, P [info]
    - Bansal, T [info]
    - In the Annual Conference on… [info]
    - ArXiv e-prints [info]
    - R in Machine Learning, 2(1)… [info]
    - II, 4th Edition: Approximat… [info]
    - D [info]
    - J [info]
    - W [info]
    - A comprehensive survey of m… [info]
    - Adversarial examples are no… [info]
    - Chebotar, Y [info]
    - End-to-end memory ¨ network… [info]
    - Learning phrase representat… [info]
    - Crawford, D [info]
    - Toward deeper understanding… [info]
    - A survey on policy search f… [info]
    - Devrim Kaba, M [info]
    - Dong, D [info]
    - S [info]
    - Dulac-Arnold, G [info]
    - A [info]
    - IEEE Communications Surveys… [info]
    - In IEEE International Confe… [info]
    - M [info]
    - Fortunato, M [info]
    - Gavrilovska, L [info]
    - A generative vision model t… [info]
    - Foundations and Trends in M… [info]
    - Goodfellow, I [info]
    - Hybrid computing using a ne… [info]
    - ArXiv e-prints [info]
    - Dynamic Neural Turing Machi… [info]
    - From language to programs:… [info]
    - Deep compression: Compressi… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - Learning to play in a day:… [info]
    - Deep residual learning for… [info]
    - Hein, D [info]
    - Rainbow: Combining Improvem… [info]
    - Hinton, G [info]
    - Hochreiter, S [info]
    - Adversarial Attacks on Neur… [info]
    - Reproducibility of benchmar… [info]
    - James, G [info]
    - Johnson, M [info]
    - and Risi, S [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - Killian, T [info]
    - Overcoming catastrophic for… [info]
    - R [info]
    - Communications of the ACM,… [info]
    - Deep convolutional inverse… [info]
    - In the Annual Conference on… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - H [info]
    - Deep reinforcement learning… [info]
    - A User Simulator for Task-C… [info]
    - J [info]
    - C [info]
    - Liu, C [info]
    - In 37th IEEE International… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - ArXiv e-prints [info]
    - G [info]
    - Mandel, T [info]
    - In ACM Workshop on Hot Topi… [info]
    - McCann, B [info]
    - Mestres, A [info]
    - Advances in Pre-Training Di… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - K [info]
    - ¨ Artificial Intelligence,… [info]
    - Nair, A [info]
    - Least squares policy evalua… [info]
    - PGQ: Combining policy gradi… [info]
    - Deep decentralized multi-ta… [info]
    - G [info]
    - Parisotto, E [info]
    - Composite task-completion d… [info]
    - Approximate Dynamic Program… [info]
    - Markov decision processes :… [info]
    - Sequence level training wit… [info]
    - Deep reinforcement learning… [info]
    - Neural fitted Q iteration -… [info]
    - Sabour, S [info]
    - In Annual Meeting of the In… [info]
    - Trust region policy optimiz… [info]
    - Shah, P [info]
    - Reasonet: Learning to stop… [info]
    - In the IEEE Conference on C… [info]
    - Mastering Chess and Shogi b… [info]
    - Silver, D [info]
    - Semi-supervised recursive a… [info]
    - Dropout: A simple way to pr… [info]
    - Artificial Intelligence and… [info]
    - On-line active reward learn… [info]
    - In the AAAI Conference on A… [info]
    - In the Annual Conference on… [info]
    - Synnaeve, G [info]
    - In the Annual Conference on… [info]
    - A deep hierarchical approac… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - Vaswani, A [info]
    - Vezhnevets, A [info]
    - On the Origin of Deep Learn… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - Visual interaction networks… [info]
    - Welleck, S [info]
    - Optimal demand response usi… [info]
    - Hybrid code networks: pract… [info]
    - B [info]
    - Scalable trust-region metho… [info]
    - Xiong, C [info]
    - Xu, D [info]
    - In the Association for Comp… [info]
    - Yi, Z [info]
    - Recent Trends in Deep Learn… [info]
    - In the International Confer… [info]
    - Frontiers of Information Te… [info]
    - In the Annual SIGdial Meeti… [info]
    - Deep forest: Towards an alt… [info]
    - Neural architecture search… [info]
  - ACTOR-CRITIC [skeleton]
    - b) proposed a stable a… [info]
    - Wu and Tian (2017) deployed… [info]
    - The features of AlphaGo Zer… [info]
    - Li and Malik (2017) propose… [info]
    - compared various alg… [info]
    - $\delta \gets G _ { t } - \… [info]
    - initialize $s$ , the first… [info]
    - A policy maps state to acti… [info]
    - As in Peters and Neumann (2… [info]
    - Then we discuss policy grad… [info]
    - An actor-critic algorithm l… [info]
    - For Atari games, A3C ran mu… [info]
    - Global shared counter $T =… [info]
    - accumulate gradients wrt $\… [info]
    - We present pseudo code for… [info]
    - Policies are usually stocha… [info]
    - The authors introduced an o… [info]
    - proposed an actor-cr… [info]
    - O’Donoghue et al [info]
    - Dosovitskiy and Koltun (201… [info]
    - proposed Mixed Incre… [info]
  - DIALOGUE SYSTEMS [skeleton]
    - – train dialogue poli… [info]
    - proposed approaches [info]
    - • Differentiable Neural Com… [info]
    - • Shangtong Zhang [info]
    - • Using Keras and Deep Q-Ne… [info]
    - We give an overview of rece… [info]
    - Then we discuss various app… [info]
    - In the following, we discus… [info]
    - A model is an agent’s repre… [info]
    - For example, in healthcare,… [info]
    - Levine et al [info]
    - In the following we talk ab… [info]
    - In dialogue systems, conver… [info]
    - We have seen generation one… [info]
    - See a survey paper on apply… [info]
    - The authors deployed RL to… [info]
    - a dialogue system a… [info]
    - b) proposed an on-line… [info]
    - the myopia and misa… [info]
    - Mo et al [info]
    - Some are integrating comput… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning has… [info]
    - A smart grid is a power gri… [info]
    - Intelligent transportation… [info]
    - The authors validated their… [info]
    - Computer systems are indisp… [info]
    - Mao et al [info]
    - • reinforcement learning (L… [info]
    - Recently, GTA V was added t… [info]
    - • ParlAI is a framework for… [info]
    - It is both the best and the… [info]
    - and twelve applications – g… [info]
    - Novel architectures and app… [info]
    - State of the Art Control of… [info]
  - INTRODUCTION [skeleton]
    - Goodfellow et al [info]
    - and novel architectures and… [info]
    - Then we discuss important m… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning (RL)… [info]
    - Creativity would push the f… [info]
    - Generality, expressiveness… [info]
    - David Silver, the major con… [info]
    - We present a list of topics… [info]
    - Bishop (2011), Hastie et al [info]
    - Then come various applicati… [info]
    - In this version, we endeavo… [info]
    - • Rich Sutton, Introduction… [info]
  - BRIEF SUMMARY [skeleton]
    - Stadie et al [info]
    - Weiss et al [info]
    - proposed approaches [info]
    - – Emphatic-TD (Sutton et al [info]
    - – integrate temporal abstra… [info]
    - A RL problem is formulated… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning algo… [info]
    - With non-linear function ap… [info]
    - $G$ is a differentiable fun… [info]
    - showed that as $G$ a… [info]
    - AlphaGo Zero has three main… [info]
    - adversarial attacks, e [info]
    - We list a collection of dee… [info]
    - We list some RL issues and… [info]
    - – DQN with experience repla… [info]
    - proposed approaches: – neur… [info]
  - MACHINE LEARNING [skeleton]
    - which differentiates machin… [info]
    - As model capacity increases [info]
    - Usually we categorize machi… [info]
    - Yuxi Li (yuxili@gmail [info]
    - In this section, we briefly… [info]
    - Representation learning is… [info]
    - Supervised and unsupervised… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning is k… [info]
    - No free lunch theorem state… [info]
    - MLE is equivalent to minimi… [info]
    - Importance sampling is a te… [info]
    - Deep learning is in contras… [info]
    - then we usually use nonline… [info]
    - A feedforward deep neural n… [info]
    - ResNets (He et al [info]
    - Long short term memory netw… [info]
    - Batch normalization (Ioffe… [info]
    - Distributed representation… [info]
    - We provide background of re… [info]
    - When a RL problem satisfies… [info]
    - TD learning is usually refe… [info]
    - Bootstrapping, like the TD… [info]
    - V (s) \leftarrow V (s) + \a… [info]
    - Algorithm 2: SARSA, adapted… [info]
    - Algorithm 2 presents the ps… [info]
    - The above algorithms are re… [info]
    - We discuss the tabular case… [info]
    - However, the integration of… [info]
    - When combining off-policy,… [info]
    - It is unclear what is the r… [info]
    - In contrast to value-based… [info]
    - We obtain deep reinforcemen… [info]
    - This is similar to the diff… [info]
    - Value function is a fundame… [info]
    - To make the learning stable… [info]
    - As an off-policy algorithm,… [info]
    - The authors established the… [info]
    - Rewards provide evaluative… [info]
    - In imitation learning, an a… [info]
    - Hester et al [info]
    - In the pre-training phase,… [info]
    - With IRL, an agent learns a… [info]
    - Generative adversarial imit… [info]
    - $\mathcal { D } _ { R }$ ca… [info]
    - Stadie et al [info]
    - attempted to combine… [info]
    - introduced Value Ite… [info]
    - One merit of Value Iteratio… [info]
    - A RL agent usually uses exp… [info]
    - Intrinsic motivation sugges… [info]
    - The authors implemented the… [info]
    - This section would be an o… [info]
    - In this section, we discuss… [info]
    - Attention is a mechanism to… [info]
    - Differently, a DNC learns s… [info]
    - Unsupervised learning is a… [info]
    - some are with non-tractable… [info]
    - Sutton et al [info]
    - Environments may contain ab… [info]
    - The base agent is trained o… [info]
    - while Horde trains each val… [info]
    - proposed BEGAN to im… [info]
    - Transfer learning is about… [info]
    - designed an algorithm for t… [info]
    - Multi-agent RL (MARL) is th… [info]
    - Multi-agent systems have ma… [info]
    - Hierarchical RL is a way to… [info]
    - STRAW learns to discover ma… [info]
    - proposed to pre-trai… [info]
    - a), Schaul et al [info]
    - Learning to learn, also kno… [info]
    - Lake et al [info]
    - b) designed a large sc… [info]
    - The neural architecture sea… [info]
    - Zhong et al [info]
    - introduced Value Ite… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning has… [info]
    - Business and finance have n… [info]
    - However, some problems, see… [info]
    - Board games like Backgammon… [info]
    - The challenge of solving Co… [info]
    - We discuss briefly how Alph… [info]
    - The SL policy network has c… [info]
    - Games are played between th… [info]
    - AlphaGo Zero can be underst… [info]
    - AlphaGo Zero is a reinforce… [info]
    - Without human demonstration… [info]
    - Robotics is a classical are… [info]
    - Mirowski et al [info]
    - • information extraction, e [info]
    - Mikolov et al [info]
    - Neural machine translation… [info]
    - used two RNNs to enc… [info]
    - Experiments showed that, wi… [info]
    - for semi-supervised… [info]
    - Text generation is the basi… [info]
    - Computer vision is about ho… [info]
    - • Liu et al [info]
    - a) established a conne… [info]
    - proposed $\beta$ -VA… [info]
    - In tracking, an agent needs… [info]
    - a) proposed a paradigm… [info]
    - This is in contrast to a my… [info]
    - RL is a natural solution to… [info]
    - A reconciliation is the ada… [info]
    - There are many opportunitie… [info]
    - See Chakraborty and Murphy… [info]
    - The ear of Industry 4 [info]
    - With suitable electricity p… [info]
    - The authors validated their… [info]
    - Mirhoseini et al [info]
    - We list more interesting an… [info]
    - Miller (2017); Ribeiro et al [info]
    - Held et al [info]
    - – Satinder Singh, Steps tow… [info]
    - Rocktaschel and Riedel ¨ (2… [info]
    - • the definitive and intuit… [info]
    - • theoretical RL books (Ber… [info]
    - • Richard Sutton, Reinforce… [info]
    - • David Donoho, Hatef Monaj… [info]
    - • Abdeslam Boularias, Robot… [info]
    - – Sergey Levine and Chelsea… [info]
    - • NIPS: Neural Information… [info]
    - • Deepmind Blog, https://de… [info]
    - • Junling Hu, Reinforcement… [info]
    - • The Arcade Learning Envir… [info]
    - • RLGlue (Tanner and White,… [info]
    - • Benchmark results of vari… [info]
    - • Generative adversarial im… [info]
    - Exciting achievements aboun… [info]
    - This is the renaissance of… [info]
    - It is essential to consider… [info]
    - for systems challeng… [info]
    - Artificial Intelligence and… [info]
    - In contrast, RL has lots of… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning, as… [info]
    - We appreciate comments from… [info]
