- Reinforcement Learning Meets Large Language Models: A Survey of Advancements and Applications Across the LLM Lifecycle [root]
  - References [skeleton]
    - 未命名层级2 [skeleton]
      - arXiv preprint arXiv [info]
      - arXiv [info]
      - [215] Hongli Yu [info]
      - [220] Yufei Zhan [info]
      - KTO [34] directly optimized… [info]
      - [114] proposed a rule-based… [info]
      - [95] found that any LLM tra… [info]
      - [71] Naman Jain, King Han,… [info]
      - [135] Zhangyang Qi, Zhixion… [info]
      - [204] An Yang, Anfeng Li, B… [info]
      - [206] Dingkang Yang, Dongli… [info]
      - [209] Zhicheng Yang, Zhijia… [info]
      - [212] Zhewei Yao, Reza Yazd… [info]
      - [221] Junyu Zhang, Runpei D… [info]
      - [224] Kaiyan Zhang, Yuxin Z… [info]
      - [227] Xingjian Zhang, Siwei… [info]
      - Manuscript submitted to ACM… [info]
      - [236] Xuandong Zhao, Zhewei… [info]
      - [243] Xiangxin Zhou, Zichen… [info]
      - 未命名主题 [info]
  - Datasets and Benchmarks [skeleton]
    - <table><tr><td></td><td></t… [info]
    - HMMT2025</td><td>Benchmarks… [info]
    - MultiChallenge [152]</td><t… [info]
    - <table><tr><td>Category</td… [info]
    - [134] discuss the synergy b… [info]
    - The taxonomy clarifies the… [info]
    - Additionally, we discuss ho… [info]
    - This section will introduce… [info]
    - The test benchmarks for ali… [info]
    - LiveCodeBench [71] extended… [info]
    - MATH [56] introduced 12,500… [info]
    - It also removed ambiguous o… [info]
    - It includes 800 expert-cura… [info]
    - OlympiadBench [54] is a bil… [info]
    - The role of these test benc… [info]
    - <table><tr><td></td><td></t… [info]
    - <table><tr><td></td><td></t… [info]
    - LiveBench [186] addressed c… [info]
    - MMReason [211] encompassed… [info]
    - Humanity’s Last Exam (HLE)… [info]
    - PhyX [149] introduced a lar… [info]
    - Ensuring the safety of agen… [info]
    - Integrating external memory… [info]
    - [56] Dan Hendrycks, Steven… [info]
    - [91] Ming Li, Jike Zhong, S… [info]
  - Introduction [skeleton]
    - +23.7)</td><td>95.4 (+2.2)<… [info]
    - A key innovation underlying… [info]
    - Large Language Models such… [info]
    - Therefore, effectively alig… [info]
    - This table compares represe… [info]
    - Among them, Magistral Small… [info]
    - <table><tr><td>Model / Benc… [info]
    - Since the seminal introduct… [info]
    - Notably, starting around 20… [info]
    - This approach has been a dr… [info]
    - Second, there is no clear c… [info]
    - In light of these gaps, thi… [info]
    - the datasets and benchm… [info]
  - Application of RLVR in Multimodal Reasoning [skeleton]
    - [66] proposed Hint-GRPO to… [info]
    - Vision-R1 [68] took the lea… [info]
    - T2I-R1 [73] took the lead i… [info]
    - By decomposing complex Manu… [info]
    - DeepEyes [238] proposed an… [info]
    - [178]</td><td>× (Alignment… [info]
    - [16]</td><td>× (Alignment o… [info]
    - To provide an organizationa… [info]
    - [234] introduced a generati… [info]
    - Visual-RFT [113] proposed a… [info]
    - [241] successfully reproduc… [info]
    - SophiaVL-R1 [35] incorporat… [info]
    - TinyLLaVA-Video-R1 [227], o… [info]
    - reasoning into modular step… [info]
    - [24] combined SFT with GRPO… [info]
    - It enables the universal de… [info]
    - Although RL has already bee… [info]
    - RLVR technology has achieve… [info]
    - After training, the model c… [info]
    - It decomposes the hybrid re… [info]
    - Zhang et al [info]
    - Then, it adopted a long-sho… [info]
    - The interplay between long-… [info]
    - Here, the LLM serves as the… [info]
    - ToRL [94] extended reinforc… [info]
    - RAGEN [180] investigated fo… [info]
    - [39] addressed the sparse a… [info]
    - Tool-Star [30] proposed a t… [info]
    - Memory-R1 [203] learned to… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - Such process-oriented rewar… [info]
    - For example, an LLM might u… [info]
    - The introduction of more co… [info]
    - Each emerging solution, in… [info]
    - [8] Dibyanayan Bandyopadhya… [info]
    - [10] Victor Barres, Honghua… [info]
    - [19] Hardy Chen, Haoqin Tu,… [info]
    - In Proceedings of the 2024… [info]
    - [65] Jie Huang, Xinyun Chen… [info]
    - [68] Wenxuan Huang, Bohan J… [info]
    - ZebraLogic: On the Scaling… [info]
    - Assessing Amplified Halluci… [info]
    - [114] Zijun Liu, Peiyi Wang… [info]
    - [120] Yecheng Jason Ma, Wil… [info]
    - Introducing ChatGPT [info]
    - [147] Zhihong Shao, Peiyi W… [info]
    - [161] Shulin Tian, Ruiqi Wa… [info]
    - [164] Zhongwei Wan, Zhihao… [info]
    - Advances in Neural Informat… [info]
    - [189] Bo Wu, Sid Wang, Yunh… [info]
  - Policy Learning [skeleton]
    - The objective function of G… [info]
    - an unbiased estimator of th… [info]
    - The policy gradient estimat… [info]
    - which selects actions accor… [info]
    - The formal objective is giv… [info]
    - KELIANG LIU∗, Fudan Univers… [info]
    - Although existing surveys o… [info]
    - Next, we collate existing d… [info]
    - • Computing methodologies N… [info]
    - Yang Liu, yangliu@cs [info]
    - Request permissions from pe… [info]
    - Keliang Liu, Dingkang Yang,… [info]
    - In recent years, numerous s… [info]
    - Reinforcement learning enab… [info]
    - To achieve this objective,… [info]
    - \nabla_ {\theta} J (\theta)… [info]
    - At each timestep, the AC al… [info]
    - The core contribution is a… [info]
    - once it exceeds the thresho… [info]
    - To address this issue, as w… [info]
    - Instead of training a separ… [info]
    - Since the group average ser… [info]
    - Value-based methods aim to… [info]
    - The core idea is to iterati… [info]
    - The update rule corrects th… [info]
    - In each step, Q-learning co… [info]
    - This allows it to learn fro… [info]
    - Q _ {\text {n e w}} \left(s… [info]
    - Deep Q-Network (DQN) [124]… [info]
    - Specifically, given a trans… [info]
    - This dual-network mechanism… [info]
    - Most current reinforcement… [info]
    - [45] introduced RL into vis… [info]
    - Christiano et al [info]
    - SPO [157] modeled human pre… [info]
    - RLAIF [88] (Reinforcement L… [info]
    - proposed a unified theoreti… [info]
    - [86] proposed a method that… [info]
    - The reward model plays a ke… [info]
    - With the release of GPT-o1… [info]
    - While methods such as RLHF… [info]
    - TTRL [249] utilized prior k… [info]
    - [236] used the model’s own… [info]
    - Zhu et al [info]
    - [50] proposed a task-defini… [info]
    - VeRL [150] is a system fram… [info]
    - The library implements onli… [info]
    - Built on top of the Transfo… [info]
    - It addresses the challenges… [info]
    - FlashRL [106] introduced Tr… [info]
    - While reinforcement learnin… [info]
    - Recent work has started to… [info]
    - [1] 2025 [info]
    - A general theoretical parad… [info]
    - [22] Wenhu Chen, Ming Yin,… [info]
    - [25] Zhoujun Cheng, Shibo H… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2507 [info]
    - [31] Qingxiu Dong, Li Dong,… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2504 [info]
    - [44] Aryo Pradipta Gema, Jo… [info]
    - [50] Yiduo Guo, Zhen Guo, C… [info]
    - [54] Chaoqun He, Renjie Luo… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - [74] Lingjie Jiang, Xun Wu,… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2502 [info]
    - [81] Zachary Kenton, Tom Ev… [info]
    - [85] Komal Kumar, Tajamul A… [info]
    - [88] Harrison Lee, Samrat P… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2503 [info]
    - [108] Qianchu Liu, Sheng Zh… [info]
    - [110] Yihao Liu, Shuocheng… [info]
    - [117] Haoran Luo, Guanting… [info]
    - [123] Iman Mirzadeh, Keivan… [info]
    - Advances in neural informat… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2501 [info]
    - [137] Rafael Rafailov, Arch… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2506 [info]
    - In International conference… [info]
    - Multichallenge: A realistic… [info]
    - [155] Zhaochen Su, Linjie L… [info]
    - [170] Tevin Wang and Chenya… [info]
    - [173] Xiyao Wang, Zhengyuan… [info]
    - Manuscript submitted to ACM… [info]
    - [182] Zhixin Wang, Tianyi Z… [info]
    - Ethical and social risks of… [info]
    - \beta-DPO: Direct Preferenc… [info]
    - [201] Zeyue Xue, Jie Wu, Yu… [info]
  - Experimental Findings of RLVR in Improving the Reasoning Ability of LLMs [skeleton]
    - [107] found that when suffi… [info]
    - there is controversy in aca… [info]
    - Regarding the phenomenon of… [info]
    - [168] found that only a few… [info]
    - Analysis of coverage and pe… [info]
    - This survey provides a stru… [info]
    - Through experiments, Cui et… [info]
    - Research has shown that for… [info]
    - Through theoretical and emp… [info]
    - [193] systematically analyz… [info]
    - [55] presented the Trajecto… [info]
    - This section chronologicall… [info]
    - Unlike PPO/GRPO’s symmetric… [info]
    - [229] generated pseudo-rewa… [info]
    - SRPO [226] enhanced the rea… [info]
    - TANGO [219] jointly trained… [info]
    - REINFORCE $^ { + + }$ [61]… [info]
    - Graph-R1 [117] proposed a p… [info]
    - TreeRPO [209] constructs tr… [info]
    - It depicts the overall work… [info]
    - language games that improve… [info]
    - More efficient algorithms a… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - The long-term vision is tha… [info]
    - This survey presents a comp… [info]
    - [13] Paul C Bogdan, Uzay Ma… [info]
    - [16] Shreyas Chaudhari, Pra… [info]
    - Supergpqa: Scaling llm eval… [info]
    - arXiv preprint arXiv:2502 [info]
    - [46] Anna Goldie, Azalia Mi… [info]
    - PMLR, 3053–3062 [info]
    - [150] Guangming Sheng, Chi… [info]
    - [158] Alex Tamkin, Miles Br… [info]
    - [167] Jiacong Wang, Zijiang… [info]
    - [195] Tianbao Xie, Siheng Z… [info]
    - [198] Hongling Xu, Qi Zhu,… [info]
