- Learning Curves for Decision Making in Supervised Machine Learning: A Survey [root]
  - Early Stopping [skeleton]
    - For example [info]
    - At a fifth level [info]
    - The three differences are t… [info]
    - Finally [info]
    - In the most general form [info]
    - Intuitively, the saturation… [info]
    - A related concept is the pr… [info]
    - The utility-based stopping… [info]
    - Learning curves are an impo… [info]
    - On the other hand, the util… [info]
    - Maximization Principle [info]
    - Since data acquisition is n… [info]
    - Early stopping means interr… [info]
    - shows this logic in the l… [info]
    - We can then try to analyse… [info]
    - While it is conceivable tha… [info]
    - However, the concepts are f… [info]
    - It shows the learning curve… [info]
    - Data acquisition uses the l… [info]
    - In many setups, the learner… [info]
    - While it is uncommon in lit… [info]
    - where $\alpha \in ] 0 , 1 |… [info]
    - First, if $a$ is an iterati… [info]
    - \alpha _ { k } \}$ of inc… [info]
    - In other words, as soon as… [info]
    - In the first case, one is s… [info]
    - On the contrary, one tries… [info]
    - Jamieson and Talwalkar, 201… [info]
    - This case is similar to the… [info]
    - What is the value of the le… [info]
    - The implicit assumption is… [info]
    - The transformer is trained… [info]
    - The problem of identifying… [info]
    - Meek et al (2002) avoid thi… [info]
    - Notably, the assumption is… [info]
    - However, the paper does not… [info]
    - Moreover, the approaches ig… [info]
    - Indeed, the architecture de… [info]
    - The paper reports some info… [info]
    - The approach is successfull… [info]
    - One use case in which the a… [info]
    - Sarkar et al (2015) argue t… [info]
    - An important difference bet… [info]
    - τ</td><td>both</td><td>X</t… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - Richter and Khoshgoftaar (2… [info]
    - Singh (2005)</td></tr><tr><… [info]
    - Mukherjee et al (2003)</td>… [info]
    - We thank Pavel Brazdil, Isa… [info]
    - Table 2 contains an overvie… [info]
    - Funding [info]
  - Approaches With Learning Curve Models [skeleton]
    - n)</td><td>true mean perfor… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999)</td></… [info]
    - b)</td><td>The performance… [info]
    - or distributional estimate.… [info]
    - van Rijn et al (2015)</td><… [info]
    - Learning curves are a conce… [info]
    - For instance, learning curv… [info]
    - Our contributions are the f… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999) charac… [info]
    - In the situation where one… [info]
    - Similarly, if we want to se… [info]
    - Is the target performance o… [info]
    - Many interesting questions… [info]
    - In this section, we discuss… [info]
    - This budget can be either a… [info]
    - Then WPS identifies the lar… [info]
    - Successive halving consider… [info]
    - Doing it before could lead… [info]
    - An implicit assumption of a… [info]
    - The simplest way of determi… [info]
    - If so, one might consider g… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999) addres… [info]
    - that is, every such schedul… [info]
    - Provost et al (1999) check… [info]
    - LRLS becomes relevant when… [info]
    - While Provost et al (1999)… [info]
    - Concerning the stability of… [info]
    - Based on credible intervals… [info]
    - are replicated until the cl… [info]
    - A different idea to obtain… [info]
    - corresponding to the pow… [info]
    - The problem of predicting t… [info]
    - If no additional attributes… [info]
    - In other words, there is no… [info]
    - Performance bounding tries… [info]
    - This section covers learnin… [info]
    - yellow), discussed in Sec [info]
    - In this section, we describ… [info]
    - We will discuss approaches… [info]
    - For example, several approa… [info]
    - Mukherjee et al (2003) buil… [info]
    - Second, implicitly assuming… [info]
    - Recently, Koshute et al (20… [info]
    - The first approach to predi… [info]
    - Utility prediction combines… [info]
    - The approaches discussed in… [info]
    - An important contribution o… [info]
    - Still, the fact that a Gaus… [info]
    - This network has $d + 1$ in… [info]
    - While several of these expe… [info]
    - already show that, while… [info]
    - while a learner is being se… [info]
    - Some of these questions are… [info]
    - Additionally, we see a clea… [info]
    - Meek C, Thiesson B, Heckerm… [info]
    - In: 30th IEEE/ACM Internati… [info]
  - Modelling a Learning Curve [skeleton]
    - Modelling uncertainty in le… [info]
    - the epistemic uncertainty i… [info]
    - possibly non-parametric app… [info]
    - whether the true curve can… [info]
    - lists all these methods (… [info]
    - Besides, the term sample si… [info]
    - The right-sided open interv… [info]
    - Curriculum learning is a pa… [info]
    - A learning curve model is a… [info]
    - if modelling a sample-w… [info]
    - For simplicity, we will not… [info]
    - Therefore, it is not enough… [info]
    - illustrates all of these… [info]
    - As the budget $b$ (represen… [info]
    - The orange shaded area is a… [info]
    - We explain the concept for… [info]
    - The simplest type of learni… [info]
    - The variance over all possi… [info]
    - To our knowledge, the first… [info]
    - While it has been argued, a… [info]
    - To understand the learning… [info]
    - For example, whether more d… [info]
    - Quantitative data acquisiti… [info]
    - Other types of data resourc… [info]
    - This section presents the l… [info]
    - For example, Leite and Braz… [info]
    - • Most learning curve metho… [info]
    - It seems logical that there… [info]
    - In contrast, approaches of… [info]
    - Some papers do not explicit… [info]
    - Cardona-Escobar et al (2017… [info]
    - Ruhkopf et al (2023)</td><t… [info]
    - it is typically not a power… [info]
    - The first work we are aware… [info]
    - When a performance bound is… [info]
    - To our knowledge, the first… [info]
    - conducted for a support vec… [info]
    - The resulting model is not… [info]
    - A recent alternative for es… [info]
    - Since no sampling from the… [info]
    - The error rate that serves… [info]
    - Additionally, we have contr… [info]
    - We distinguish between two… [info]
    - shows an overview of all… [info]
    - Due to this modular nature,… [info]
    - A reasonable assumption is… [info]
    - Table 2 contains an overvie… [info]
    - Adriaensen S, Rakotoarison… [info]
    - Analytica chimica acta 760:… [info]
    - In: Knowledge Discovery in… [info]
    - Goodfellow I, Bengio Y, Cou… [info]
    - H¨ullermeier E, Waegeman W… [info]
    - Klein A, Falkner S, Bartels… [info]
    - Nakkiran P, Venkat P, Kakad… [info]
    - IEEE Transactions on Automa… [info]
    - https://arxiv [info]
  - Sample-Wise and Iteration-Wise Learning Curves [skeleton]
    - The average performance of… [info]
    - The above error function fo… [info]
    - the iteration-wise curve of… [info]
    - since iterative learners ty… [info]
    - We consider learning curves… [info]
    - In fact, learning curves ap… [info]
    - Here, $\mathit { l o s s }… [info]
    - samples from $\mathbb { P }… [info]
    - Alternatively, many learnin… [info]
    - The crucial difference is t… [info]
    - The latter typically means,… [info]
    - Mohr and van Rijn, 2021, 20… [info]
    - above, we have the follow… [info]
    - It is generally assumed tha… [info]
    - We will denote the saturati… [info]
    - In the context of data acqu… [info]
    - We can utilise empirical le… [info]
    - When using learning curves… [info]
    - The usage of learning curve… [info]
    - Estimating the limit or sat… [info]
    - Identifying the saturation… [info]
    - Chandrashekaran and Lane (2… [info]
    - This performance bound is d… [info]
    - Since the learning curves a… [info]
    - There are three main differ… [info]
    - Learning curves have been a… [info]
    - There are two predominant t… [info]
    - Based on this literature su… [info]
  - Introduction [skeleton]
    - visualises a scenario whe… [info]
    - on the dataset of interest [info]
    - We focus specifically on su… [info]
    - Similarly [info]
    - Provost et al [info]
    - Learning curves describe a… [info]
    - The top right plot in Fig [info]
    - visualises a scenario whe… [info]
    - The type of technical quest… [info]
  - Empirical Learning Curves [skeleton]
    - Since empirical learning cu… [info]
    - shows empirical learning… [info]
    - learning curves of differen… [info]
    - iteration-wise curves with… [info]
    - Felix Mohr1* and Jan N [info]
    - Another prominent literatur… [info]
    - This paper is structured in… [info]
    - This section gives a concep… [info]
    - The above definitions of le… [info]
    - Note that the dataset $d$ m… [info]
    - The concept of learning cur… [info]
    - Therefore, one could argue… [info]
    - While this survey is not pr… [info]
    - In this survey, we adopt th… [info]
    - To our knowledge, the notio… [info]
    - While it is known that not… [info]
    - We briefly discuss the rela… [info]
    - Active learning is a settin… [info]
    - Similarly, we obtain such a… [info]
    - For the case of two classes… [info]
    - Another type of learning cu… [info]
    - This is not only to free me… [info]
    - While this produces a kind… [info]
    - Learning curves always cons… [info]
    - there is no notion of a… [info]
    - The fact that some features… [info]
    - Since the effect of the num… [info]
    - Cortes et al (1994) introdu… [info]
    - If this value can be comput… [info]
    - It has been recognised that… [info]
    - In the earliest known attem… [info]
    - In this specific case, only… [info]
    - Suppose the model ${ \hat {… [info]
    - In a more ambitious case, w… [info]
    - Such a belief model is, for… [info]
    - Based on the common ground… [info]
    - The relevance of learning c… [info]
    - A plethora of questions can… [info]
    - From bottom to top, the que… [info]
    - There are four relevant que… [info]
    - To our knowledge, the only… [info]
    - Here, $b _ { r e f }$ is ty… [info]
    - If this question is simulta… [info]
    - The above questions are mer… [info]
    - Klein et al, 2017a,b; Swers… [info]
    - van Rijn et al, 2015), whic… [info]
    - Above we have discussed a s… [info]
    - The methods in this section… [info]
    - The first approach we are a… [info]
    - Additionally, it builds upo… [info]
    - Instead of forming the mean… [info]
    - The overall distance betwee… [info]
    - The root of this line of re… [info]
    - Cortes et al (1994) take th… [info]
    - Models that generalise over… [info]
    - Generalisation from learnin… [info]
    - 未命名主题 [info]
    - Generalisation across algor… [info]
    - The approach predicts the p… [info]
    - Alternatively, learning cur… [info]
    - Concerning convergence dete… [info]
    - Wistuba and Pedapati (2019)… [info]
    - All of them use partial emp… [info]
    - <table><tr><td>term</td><td… [info]
    - Van den Bosch A (2004) Wrap… [info]
    - Cho J, Lee K, Shin E, et al… [info]
    - Domhan T, Springenberg JT,… [info]
    - Eggensperger K, Lindauer M,… [info]
    - Last M (2007) Predicting an… [info]
    - Leite R, Brazdil P (2005) P… [info]
    - In: ECAI 2010 - 19th Europe… [info]
    - Mørch NJS, Hansen LK, Strot… [info]
    - Perlich C, Provost FJ, Simo… [info]
    - Richter AN, Khoshgoftaar TM… [info]
    - In: Advances in Intelligent… [info]
